[RI01Ch05] Language improvement in the Server description (#1747)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_impl/cntt-ri/chapters/chapter05.md

<a name="5.3.4"></a>
### 5.3.4 Server
The server device data defines key information about how to access the server remotely, for example remote IP address, user, credentials and so on.
There are many ways to validate the hardware by remote interface verification, for example IPMI, redfish and so on.

> Considering the number of servers, the user can choose to validate the server interface in a distributed way or in a centralized way.

Reviewer: do you want to state that distributed is network connected (e.g., LAN) and centralised uses a direct connection

Author: Both of them are network connected. The difference is that in case of a distributed validation, the validation is initiated by the servers. In case of centralized validation, it is initiated centrally.

Reviewer: @EditKoselak Then the sentences should be worded to state that. As currently written it appears that for distributed validation, an IP address is assigned, etc. but not so for for centralised validation.

When you say, "it is initiated centrally" what does that mean?

Author: @pgoyal01 Thanks for the comment! We have removed the part about the operating system and the IP address. Does this clarify the description?

Distributed validation means that the server connects to the hardware management device (for example, BMC, IPMI and so on) to validate the connection.
Centralized validation means that the hardware management device connects to the server to validate the connection.

> The best practice is to use centralized validation when the number of servers is low (for example, storage servers), and use distributed validation when the number of servers is high (for example, generic servers).

Reviewer: typically when referring to "number" the adjectives "small" and "large" are used. Maybe some others can chime in @bfcohen @iangardner22 @walterkozlowski 
If they agree then suggestion:
```suggestion
The best practice is to use centralized validation when the number of servers is small (for example, storage servers), and use distributed validation when the number of servers is large (for example, generic servers).
```
